
Recommendations for project approach

Introduction

The project that we choose for our software engineering pratice is the study case 3. A small independent game development company with current work force of 4 has received some startup funding to develop a multiplayer interative game software. The company will expand the work force up to 45-50 people with an estimated project duration for 2 years to make the game into reality. From our understanding, this project is likely to receive many changes and will possibly have new requirements in the long run. This means they will need an approach that falls under an Agile methodology. Hence we recommend the software team to use Scrum approach.


Why Scrum is suitable for this project

- This case study is 2 years duration, also the project is complicated in some areas such as scaling up the team, and manage the team’s framework of 45-50 people which may arrise challenges and changes. So Scrum is the best solution for those project that has no clear picture of the entire process will be like at the early stage of development.

- The project requirements aren’t 100% set in stone and are open to some change, Scrum enable the team to adapt to changing project requirements without effect the entire project plan.

- Scrum provides constant check-ins and allows members to more accurately gauge progress and offer useful feedback in each sprint.

- Scrum allows the team to plan themself for each sprint without external contribution involved. We believed its essential for this case study 3 because its a small game startup company means they has to do the work themself. Scrum also permits sufficient among team members. This is very important in a team that is unfamiliar with each other such as this case 3. 



Project Approach



As we know managing a large project of 50 people will require different management approach of agile methodology. We cannot simply use the same agile process managing project of 10 people for 50-people project, it will gradually fail due to complexity to manage one  whole team of 50 people. Therefore, we suggest that this project can be reorganize into 5 
10-person agile teams, and each of these team can run effectively using scrum approach.

Important notices:
-Each team has their own skilled staffs who capable of complete a sprint themselves means each team can work dependently as a small agile team. 

-Communication on this large project will take two levels: 
First level is team's daily stand-up meeting, refered as daily Scrum.
Second level of communication is that daily meeting of between the clients of each assigned team, the architecturers of each team,and database analysist of each team,and so on in order to ensure teams can work independently while still creatinng intergated solution for entire project.




How to use Scrum approach ( refer to Project Practice Guidline) Link: https://
Tools needed ( refer to Project Practice tool) Link: https://

Terms of reference:
http://www.ambysoft.com/essays/agileRoles.html
http://www.lifecyclestep.com/browse/463.0.2SizeofAgileTeam.htm





